Clarify default for max_receive_timestamps_per_ack is 0 and prohibits frames (#41)
wcsmith/draft-quic-receive-ts: draft-ietf-quic-receive-ts.md

: A variable-length integer indicating that the maximum number of receive
  timestamps the sending endpoint would like to receive in an
  ACK_RECEIVE_TIMESTAMPS or PATH_ACK_RECEIVE_TIMESTAMPS frame.

>   If this transport parameter is absent, a default value of 0 is assumed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If this transport parameter is absent, this extension is not supported, which
  is equivalent to a value of 0.
```

  Each ACK_RECEIVE_TIMESTAMPS or PATH_ACK_RECEIVE_TIMESTAMPS frame sent MUST
  NOT contain more than the peer's maximum number of receive timestamps.

  An endpoint MUST NOT send ACK_RECEIVE_TIMESTAMPS or
  PATH_ACK_RECEIVE_TIMESTAMPS frames to a peer whose
  max_receive_timestamps_per_ack is 0. This includes the case where the
  transport parameter is absent and the default value of 0 is assumed, which
  indicates the peer does not support receive timestamps and the extension is

>   not negotiated for that direction. A value of 0 does not permit sending these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  max_receive_timestamps_per_ack is not present or 0.
  A value of 0 does not permit sending these
```
